UH! UH!
ONE, TWO, THREE...
ANOTHER WIN FOR ME!
FIVE, FOUR, THREE,
TWO...MATHMATICA WANTS
TO DUEL YOU!
WHOA!
WHO IS HE!?
A TOP-RANKING
DUELIST LEAGUE PRO!
AND DON'T FORGET
"MATHEMATICAL GENIUS"!
Sheppard:
WE HAVE A PROBLEM,
GENTLEMEN.
ONLY A SELECT GROUP
OF OUR STUDENTS
ARE ACTUALLY WINNING
THEIR DUELS.
THE OTHERS AREN'T
EXACTLY HELPING THIS
SCHOOL'S REPUTATION.
CROWLER, HOW DO YOU
THINK WE SHOULD
HANDLE THIS?
SIMPLE. IF PROFESSIONAL
DUELISTS ARE MAKING ALL YOUR
PUPILS LOOK LIKE
SLACKERS...
WAIT. I KNOW!
STICK ALL THE PROS ON
A BOAT AND BID THEM ADIEU!
BUT WE INVITED THEM!
THINK OF SOMETHING ELSE.
AND IF YOU CAN'T FIND AN
ANSWER THEN YOU TWO CAN FIND
A NEW JOB!
WE BETTER GET
TO WORK ON OUR RESUMES!
ALL WE NEED
ARE STUDENTS
THAT CAN BEAT
PROFESSIONALS!
OH IS THAT ALL!?
AND WHERE DO YOU SUGGEST
WE FIND THESE STUDENTS?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT'S COMPLETELY
HOPELESS.
UNLESS...I CALL UPON
A FEW "OLD FRIENDS"
TO HELP US OUT.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
AND THEN THERE'S SARTORIUS.
I JUST CAN'T SEEM
TO FIGURE HIM OUT.
FOR INSTANCE WHY
WOULD HE ENROLL HERE?
JUST...SO HE COULD
DUEL SOME PRINCE?
AND WHY HASN'T HE
DUELED ANYONE SINCE?
I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
AHEM. I DON'T USUALLY
TALK TO MYSELF.
IT'S JUST THAT I--
I WORK FOR PRINCE OJIN AND
SOMETHING'S GONE WRONG SIR!
WHEN HE FACED SARTORIUS
THE TWO OF THEM MADE A BET.
A BET?
YES, THE PRINCE
WAGERED OUR LASER
SATELLITE AND LOST!
NOW IT BELONGS
TO SARTORIUS!
WHAT?!
HE WHO CONTROLS THIS
SATELLITE, CONTROLS THE WORLD!
I SHALL OPEN EVERYONE'S MIND.
AND HELP THE ENTIRE
PLANET SEE THE LIGHT!
NO...IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
SILENCE, YOU FOOL!
WE MUST OBEY THE LIGHT!
THIS IS THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE MANKIND.
WITH THESE TWO KEYS...
THE NEW ORDER...CAN BEGIN!
WAIT!
WHAT AM I DOING!?
I HAVE TO FIGHT THIS.
BUT I CAN'T!
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE.
THERE'S NO WAY HE'LL
FIND US OUT HERE!
FIVE, FOUR, THREE,
TWO, ONE...
I HOPE YOU DUEL BETTER
THAN YOU RUN!
THEN AGAIN I'D HIDE
IF I WERE YOU.
SINCE THE CHANCES
YOU'LL LOSE...
WERE NINETY NINE
POINT TWO!
SO WHO WILL IT BE,
GENTLEMEN?
[TARZAN YELL]
HUH? WHAT'S THAT!?
WHAT?
WELL...LOOKS LIKE SOME
THINGS NEVER CHANGE.
YOU STILL TALKING
TO "SPACE MEN?"
GIVE IT UP!
JUS' LISTEN!
IT'S NOT
A SPACE MAN.
[TARZAN YELL]
IN FACT...SOUNDS
LIKE AN "APE" MAN!
[TARZAN YELL]
YOU WANT DUEL?
ME DAMON.
ME DUEL MAN
WITH BIG HAIR.
WELL "ME" SUGGEST...
THAT YOU INVEST
IN SOME DEODORANT!
EXCELLENT!
I KNEW
I'D FIND HIM HERE!
WELL HE'D BETTER BE GOOD!
'CAUSE OTHERWISE...
WE'RE OUT OF A JOB!
GREAT!
HE'S ALREADY LOSING!
WRONG.
DAMON HAS A "UNIQUE"
WAY OF DUELING.
I PLAY THIS!
IT'S CALLED ILLEGAL SUMMON!
AND IT LETS ME SUMMON A
LEVEL-4 MONSTER TO YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD, JUNGLE BOY!
MY MID SHIELD GARDNA WILL DO!
TIME FOR A MATHEMATICAL RHYME!
SO HERE GOES: TWO TO THE POWER
OF THREE EQUALS EIGHT...
NOW GRAVITY BIND
WILL ACTIVATE!
LET'S SEE YOU RHYME LIKE THAT!
RHYMING LAME.
AND NOW TO EVEN
THE PLAYING FIELD...
YOU GET TO CHOOSE
A MONSTER FOR ME!
ME PICK THIS ONE.
NEXT I'LL PLAY...MY
FATAL ABACUS TRAP CARD!
JUST IN CASE MATH
ISN'T YOUR SUBJECT,
THIS HELPS YOU COUNT
TO YOUR DEFEAT!
YOU CAN COUNT, RIGHT?
BECAUSE WHEN I SEND ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS TO
THE GRAVEYARD, YOU LOSE
FIVE HUNDRED POINTS!
AND OF COURSE SACRIFICING
YOUR DORON ALSO LETS ME ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
HUH? UH!
TRANSISTOR
THE WARRIOR, ATTACK!
AIM FOR
THE CRO-MAGNON MAN!
UH!
DON'T WORRY!
THE MORE THAT DAMON
IS KNOCKED DOWN...
THE HARDER HE
FIGHTS BACK!
MY CAREER'S IN THE HANDS
OF SOMEONE WHO WAS RAISED
BY WOLVES?
SO DAMON IS BACK!
I GUESS CIVILIZATION
WASN'T HIS THING.
NOW MATH-MAN,
ME PLAY TRAP!
YOU NO STOP
THIS ONE!
MIRACLE DRAW ME
TICKET TO VICTORY!
FIRST,
ME GUESS CARD.
IF ME RIGHT, YOU
LOSE THOUSAND POINT.
ME WRONG...
THEN DAMON LOSE
THOUSAND LIFE POINT!
YES. ME GET POINT.
AND ME GUESS ME
PICK DRAWLER!
YOU'RE RISKING THE WHOLE
DUEL ON A RANDOM CARD
YOU MIGHT DRAW?!
SERIOUSLY!
DAMON NO AGREE
WITH VIEWPOINT!
THERE NO "MIGHT!"
THE SUN NO "MIGHT" RISE!
ME NO "MIGHT"
POOP IN WOODS!
YOU WATCH!
ME DRAW...AND ME RIGHT!
WHAT?!
SEE?!
NO UNDERESTIMATE ME!
Damon: NOW ME PLAY
POT OF GREED!
NOW ME DRAW TWO!
THEN PLAY THIS!
ME DRAWLER!
TO GET POINTS...
ME SEND SIX CARDS
FROM HAND BACK TO
BOTTOM OF DECK.
THEN ME MULTIPLY
BY FIVE-HUNDRED!
THAT EQUAL
BIG NUMBER!
SURE...DAMON
NO GOOD AT MATH...
BUT ME REAL GOOD
AT DUELING AND
THAT WHAT COUNT!
NOW ATTACK!
OH, MY!
THAT'S NOT FAIR, SEE?
TWO PLUS TEN MINUS THREE
EQUALS NINE...
OH NEVER MIND. OH!
I TOLD YOU!
HE BEAT A PRO!
THAT CAVEMAN JUST
SAVED OUR JOBS,
CROWLER!
PATIENCE...I'M
JUST WARMING UP!
WAIT UNTIL YOU SEE
MY NEXT SURPRISE.
YOU'RE REALLY GOING
TO "DIG IT, MAN."
HUH?
WHAT'S CROWLER
TALKING ABOUT?
WHO KNOWS.
HEY!
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH ALL THE
SLIFERS, JAY?
THEY'RE ALL
SO LAID BACK.
Chazz: HOLD ON.
IT'S A DUEL!
BUT I DON'T RECOGNIZE
EITHER OF THOSE
TWO DORKS.
WELL I DO.
OH!
Jaden: IT'S
THE LITTLE BELOWSKI!
AND HE'S DUELING ELROY
PRESCOT, THE MEMPHIS PRO!
COME ON!
THAT SHRIMP'LL
NEVER BEAT A PRO!
Elroy: WHY AM I
SO TIRED, LITTLE MAN?
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
SPEAK UP!
'CAUSE I'M READY TO SHAKE,
RATTLE AND ROLL
RIGHT INTO BED!
OH! HA HA HA!
YOU'RE STARIN' AT AN ARMY
OF GOBLINS AND ALL YOU CAN
DO IS LAUGH?
BOYS...SHOW OFF THOSE MOVES!
ATTACK HIS MOKEY!
MOKEY,
MOKEY!
WHOOOOOOOAH.
I JUST TOOK HALF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
YOU SHOULD BE ALL
SHOOK UP BY NOW!
IT'S ALL GOOD.
OH! THAT'S ALL
YOU HAVE'TA SAY?
JUST GO.
[YAWN]
JADEN...WE GOTTA
CHILL MORE OFTEN.
DUDE...I AM SO DOWN
WITH THAT PLAN.
GUESS BELOWSKI HASN'T
LOST HIS TOUCH.
THIS SUIT IS MAKING
MY THIGHS LOOK BIG!
IT'LL KEEP YOU SAFE
FROM BELOWSKI'S SPELL!
YOU'RE A PRO, RIGHT?
BUT WHY, DUDE?
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT
THE ESTABLISHMENT WANTS?
YOU'RE JUST
DUELING FOR THE MAN.
OH AND I PLAY
THAT SPELL CARD.
DARK FACTORY?!
DUDE.
YEAH I KNOW.
IT'S SO UNCHILL.
BUT IT BRINGS A'MY BROS
BACK FROM THE GRAVE.
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY.
GRAVEYARD'S JUST
A STATE OF MIND!
OH YEAH. WAIT.
I FUSE THESE LITTLE DUDES
WITH POLYMERIZATION.
MEET MY MOST POTENT
MONSTER...
MOKEY MOKEY KING!
WHAT DOES
THAT THING DO?!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
IT DOES!?
IT PUTS EVERYONE TO SLEEP!
WAKE UP DUDE.
WE'RE DUELING!
TIME TO HIT
THE HAY LITTLE MAN.
HERE. TAKE 'EM.
[YAWN]
IT'S OVER?
MOKEY.
UH...I MEAN...
HEY JAY,
WHAT'S THE SCORE?
HE WON!
[SCREAMING]
WHAT'S THAT!?
[CHUCKLING]
BONJOUR MADEMOISELLES.
I AM YOUR MAîTRE D'.
SO COME RIGHT
THIS WAY, AH.
TODAY WE'RE SERVING UP
A FINE COURSE
OF DESTRUCTION!
IT'S JASMINE
AND MINDY.
Cyrus:
AGAINST WHO?!
IT'S...THE MAîTRE D!
HE'S A FAMOUS PRO.
YEAH BUT IT'S
TWO AGAINST ONE!
THEY HAFTA WIN!
Chazz:
YEAH RIGHT!
IT COULD BE
TWENTY TO ONE
AND IT WOULDN'T
MATTER!
YOUR GOOSE IS COOKED!
IN A DELECTABLE
SAUCE OF COURSE.
FOR MY BACCHUS GAINS
THREE HUNDRED POINTS!
AND SO LE GRAND TOTAL
IS NINETEEN HUNDRED!
[GASP]
FOR ZE NEXT DISH...
MY BACCHUS WILL ATTACK!
SONIC BLAST!
OH NO!
NOT OUR MERMAID!
AND NOW...YOUR NEXT COURSE.
LE PIECE DE'R'SISTANCE!
A MOUTH-WATERING GLASS
OF AGONY SERVED
IN A DIVINE CHALICE!
SO I GET A CRIMSON
TOKEN!
NOW ATTACK
ZAT FILTHY FELINE!
UH!
OH!
ZE PUNISHMENT HAS
ONLY JUST BEGUN.
NO MORE!
WE GET IT!
WE CAN'T BEAT A PRO!
C'EST DOMMAGE.
C'EST LA VIE.
YOU TWO ARE THE BEST THIS
TOURNAMENT HAS TO OFFER ME?
I EXPECTED MORE FROM
LE FAMOUS OBELISK BLEU!
I SUPPOSE DUELING ME
IS A MAN'S JOB!
ZE FINAL COURSE WILL
NOW BE SERVED!
STOP!
Both: ALEXIS?
YOU GUYS
ARE PATHETIC!
YOU TWO ARE
AN EMBARRASSMENT
NOT ONLY
TO YOUR DORM
BUT TO GIRLS
EVERYWHERE!
LET ME TAKE OVER THIS DUEL!
AS A MATTER OF FACT, I'LL
EVEN TAKE THEIR LIFE POINTS!
WHY NOT.
IT WON'T TAKE LONG.
ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE ANYTHING
LIKE YOUR TWO FRIENDS.
WHAT IS ALEXIS
THINKING!?
I KNOW!
HE'S GOT OVER TWICE
AS MANY POINTS!
FOR NOW...I WILL
PLAY THIS CARD....
AND END MY TURN.
I'M CONFUSED.
WHY'S SHE
STICKING UP FOR
OBELISK BLUE?
DIDN'T SHE
DITCH THEM
TO JOIN THAT
WHITE DORM!?
MAYBE DEEP DOWN...
THE OLD ALEXIS
IS TRYING TO
BREAK THROUGH!
WELL, I SURE HOPE SO.
LET'S GET THIS DUEL OVER WITH!
I PLAY MY MACHINE ANGEL
RITUAL SPELL CARD!
NOW I CAN SUMMON ANY MONSTER
WITH CYBER ANGEL IN ITS NAME.
SO LISTEN UP, PIERRE.
'CAUSE THIS MAY GET
A BIT COMPLICATED...
WELL, FOR A DUMBWAITER
THAT IS.
AND NOW...I'LL
BE SACRIFICING
MY CYBER ANGEL
IDATEN....
TO BRING OUT MY
CYBER ANGEL BENTEN!
OH PLEASE...I HAVE
MET TOUGHER SOUFFLÉS!
OH BACCHUS...ARE
YOU FEELING HUNGRY?
WHAT'S A SOUFFLÉ?
DON'T YOU DORKS KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT
FINE DINING?
Both: UH, NO.
I ACTIVATE...MY
RITUAL WEAPON SPELL!
SO BENTEN GETS
A FIFTEEN-HUNDRED
ATTACK POINT BOOST!
ATTACK HIM NOW!
BY THE WAY SHE'S GOT
A SPECIAL ABILITY, TOO!
SINCE THAT
WALKING TOGA PARTY
BIT THE DUST...
EVERY ONE
OF HIS DEFENSE POINTS
IS SUBTRACTED FROM YOUR
LIFE POINTS!
TOUGH BREAK, JACQUE.
IT'S MAITRE D...
GET IT RIGHT!
AND NOW S'IL VOUS PLAIT
MON CHERIE...
I SHALL PRESENT...
TONIGHT'S SPECIALS, AH?
STARTING WITH...
YOUR APPETIZER!
THE LOVELY...
FOAMING BEAUTY!
NOT A BAD DISH, HAH?
AND THANKS TO HER ABILITY,
SHE TAKES AWAY A THOUSAND
OF YOUR MONSTERS POINTS!
NEXT I SACRIFICE MY TOKEN
AND MY BEAUTY TO PLAY THIS!
BIG VINTAGE
MAGNA MUTTON!
I GIVE YOU...
TONIGHT'S MAIN COURSE!
BON APÉTIT!!!
STILL HUNGRY?
MAY I SUGGEST
THIS SPELL CARD?
BACCHUS BANQUET!
AW MAN!
A FIELD SPELL!
IT'S MY MOVE,
FRANCOIS!
I PLAY...MY CYBER TUTU!
SHE MAY LOOK TAME...
BUT SHE PACKS
QUITE A KICK!
THANKS TO HER
SPECIAL ABILITY.
'CAUSE IF YOU DON'T HAVE
A MONSTER WITH FEWER
ATTACK POINTS,
THEN MY LITTLE BALLERINA
DOES A PIROUETTE
RIGHT INTO
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
"AU REVOIR!"
AU CONTRAIRE CHERIE!
HUH?
I REGRET TO INFORM YOU...
THIS RECITAL OF YOURS
HAS BEEN POSTPONED!
AFTER ALL, THERE'S NO
PLACE FOR SUCH RIFF RAFF
AT MY BANQUET.
AND THANKS TO MY MAGNA MUTTON
IF SHE TRIES THAT AGAIN...
YOU WILL BE PERSONALLY
CHARGED FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED
BY YOUR MONSTER!
SIMPLY PUT MADAME, YOUR LIFE
POINTS WILL BE BURNED LIKE
A CRèME BRûLÉE!
GREAT.
THAT MEANS MY CYBER TUTU
IS PRACTICALLY USELESS!
THERE'S ONLY ONE HOPE.
MY WHITE VEIL
SPELL CARD.
BUT SOMETHING'S TELLING
ME NOT TO PLAY IT.
WHAT'S GOING ON!?
ALEXIS!
BEAT THE PANTS
OFF THIS STIFF!
YEAH! DO IT FOR
OBELISK BLUE!
OH, PLEASE.
I'M IN THE WHITE DORM NOW.
SO WHY CAN'T I
PLAY THIS CARD?
HOLD ON!
THAT CARD MUST
BE WHITE VEIL!
HOW'DA YA KNOW?
JUST LOOK AT HER.
PART OF HER DOESN'T
WANNA PLAY IT.
AND I KNOW WHY.
'CAUSE IF SHE DID...
IT WOULD MEAN
ALEXIS IS STILL
LOYAL TO SARTORIUS.
THAT MEANS THERE'S HOPE!
I'LL PLAY THIS
FACE DOWN...
AND LET YOU GO.
MERCI, MADEMOISELLE!
NOW ON WITH THE FEAST!
[CHUCKLES]
BUT BEFORE HE DIGS IN...
MY MAGNA MUTTON
RECEIVES UN PETIT
BONUS EACH ROUND!
AN ADDITIONAL
ONE THOUSAND
POINTS TO BE
PRECISE!
NOW MAGNA...
ATTACK HER CYBER TUTU
WITH DOUBLE BARREL BLAST!
YOU TRIGGERED MY TRAP!
HALLOWED LIFE BARRIER!
SO MY POINTS ARE SAFE!
OF COURSE FIRST...I NEED
TO DISCARD ONE CARD!
MAYBE I DON'T NEED
SARTORIUS'S CARDS AFTER ALL!
SO LATER, WHITE VEIL!
UH! I END
MY TURN!
DID YOU LOSE YOUR
FRENCH ACCENT, GASTON?
THAT'S NOT ALL YOU'LL LOSE!
'CAUSE I PLAY POT OF GREED!
SO I GET TWO MORE CARDS!
NEXT I PLAY
CYBER PETIT ANGEL!
AND WHENEVER IT'S
CALLED TO THE FIELD...
MY MACHINE
ANGEL SPELL...
IS TRANSFERRED
TO MY HAND!
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
FULFILLMENT OF THE CONTRACT!
SO I PAY 800 POINTS!
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
A RITUAL MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD NOW!
IT'S A SMALL PRICE TO PAY!
FOR MY CYBER ANGEL IDATEN!
YAH!
AND SHE COMES WITH
A BONUS FEATURE!
SO A CARD FROM MY
GRAVEYARD...COMES
BACK TO MY HAND!
AND WHATTA YA KNOW
IT'S MY POT OF
GREED SPELL CARD!
YOU KNOW IT!
GO LEX!
NEXT I'LL PLAY...MY
MACHINE ANGEL RITUAL!
SO NOW I CAN SACRIFICE
IDATEN AND PETIT ANGEL
TO SUMMON CYBER
ANGEL DAKINI!
SO NOW I GET TO
PICK A MONSTER
ON YOUR SIDE...
AND SEND IT PACKING!
AND WITHOUT
THE MUTTON CHOP...
LOOKS LIKE YOUR
BANQUET'S OVER!
SO THERE'S ONLY ONE
THING LEFT TO DO,
DAKINI...
PICK UP THE CHECK!
UH!
WELL MON CHERIE...
IT SEEMS OUR MEAL IS OVER.
AND NOW THE KITCHEN
IS CLOSED.
AU REVOIR.
GOOD RIDDANCE.
WE WE.
ALEXIS!
HEY WAIT!
AREN'T YOU COMING BACK
WITH US TO BLUE?
COME ON, LEX!
WE'RE BESTIES,
REMEMBER!
AS IF!
YOU TWO RUINED
THE REPUTATION
OF THE OBELISK BLUE DORM!
Both: WE DID!?
YEAH.
SUPPOSEDLY YOU GUYS REPRESENT
THE BEST OF THE BEST.
BACK WHEN I WAS A BLUE,
IT MEANT SOMETHING.
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT?
WAKE UP.
SHE'S STRUGGLING WITH
HER LOYALTY TO
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
SWEET!
JUST LIKE
YOU WERE CHAZZ.
AND BEFORE LONG
SHE'LL BE BACK
WITH US!
WHAT'A WIN!
SO WHO'S UP NEXT?
THERE NO NEXT!
DAMON BORED!
[TARZAN YELL]
B'LOWSKI?
WAKE UP!
YOU CAN'T SAVE OUR
JOBS BY SLEEPING!
BELOWSKI?!
THERE'RE DUELS TO WIN!
UP AND AT 'EM!
[YAWN]
YO, YOU'VE GOT TO CHILL.
THIS DUDE'S DONE.
BUT WE NEED YOU!
MY CAREER IS ON
THE LINE HERE!
WELL WHAT ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO DO NOW!?
ONLY ONE THING.
REALLY!?
AND WHAT'S THAT,
BONAPARTE!?
FINISH OUR RESUMES!
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪